Hi, I'm brother Hsu, or just call me Jonathan. My wife Debra, my daughter Joey, and my son Eddy, we all came from Taiwan. My cutest grandson Miles was also born in Taiwan. He knows nothing over there because he came back when he was only one month old, but he likes to use some Chinese words at home. Mostly like "I fart", "I burp", "I like it" or "I don't like it", and that's really funny.

I was assigned a topic of "". However, what I'm going to share with you is mostly about my personal revelations. I'm sorry about that. I have to write it down before I speak, because I'm not good in English, and I've written this for months, to share my stories and my personal revelations, and how they changed my life. So, this is what I've prepared for you:

In 1998, I've been working hard in TSMC for 3 years. That is the company which makes the CPUs in your iPhones and iPads. If someone is interested in what it actually looks like inside of it, I will say the temperature is always 22 degree Celsius, the relative humidity is always 45%, 24/7, and these is no particle, because it's called clean room and my job is to control it. Machines are all over, I need to fix them and keep them running. Operators push the wafers around very carefully, because each wafer cost more than $10,000. Say I finally got a vacation and I took Joey and Eddy to Gold Coast of Brisbane in Australia. Debra is afraid of flying, so she's not with us. We had a lot of fun in theme parks and the zoo. We lived just one block away from the beach. One day morning, when we were walking on the beach, the sun was warm, the wind was calm, and the waves of the ocean was gentle, every thing is so perfect. A loud voice came to me from no where. It told me that: (quote) "It is not God that you worshiped in all churches you have been to." (end quote) I was shocked. I looked around and I'm pretty sure nobody heard it except me. After that, I burst into tears and sadness. It's about all the hard times I've been through in searching for God.

About 10 years ago, I was deeply lost in my life. I had bad depression at that time and not been diagnosed yet. That's when I was in college. I was used to be doing good in my life. But a question puzzled me very much. That is "what is the purpose of my life?" In all my college days, I spent all my efforts to try to solve it, but I failed. I couldn't find the meaning of my life, except my parents had a dream that one day I would become a famous person and make a great fortune. That is pretty much the dream of most Chinese parents. But I always knew that it's not possible for me to fulfill their dream. I wanted to know what I can do, and what I really want to do. I started to join Christen fellowship because they seemed to be happy. However, I didn't learn anything happy over there, until one day I joined an activity of another church. I knew nobody at that time. But when I met my future wife Debra the first time, I heard a voice told me: "this is your wife." I had no clue at that time. But my life was totally changed. After eight months we got married. A year later my daughter was born, and I started to work for my family. My life became meaningful since then.

After marriage I was pretty busy. However, my quest for God didn't end. We had been to different Christen churches, but I felt I didn't get closer to God. Every church teaches people in some ways that's from the teaching of Jesus Christ. But no one knew where is God. There is even a lot of debates about whether He is alive or dead, because He has not talk again after the New Testament. That's almost two thousands years ago. In my misery, I kept looking for God, wandering how can I find Him. That situation lasted since 1990. After the revelation in 1998 at Gold Coast, I lost all my hopes. I was lost again.

After three years, in 2001, we lived in a community on a small hill in a small town. The road from the town to the community is very steep. One day I felt very nervous, and I knew something is going to happen and change my life again. I don't know what it is. The next day two missionaries climbed up the hill on their bikes. Elder Handsome and elder Smith came and knocked our door. I opened the door and saw them. Before they talked to us, at that moment I suddenly knew from my heart that it's happening. God sent his messengers to us. I had been waiting for so long. We couldn't wait to ask them every question we had about God. They didn't answer all of them, but when they talked about the first vision, we all knew that it's came from God himself. After all those years, we finally found the true church of God. We couldn't wait to join the church, but we still needed to finish six courses and went to church meeting at least two times before we could be baptized. We finished that as soon as we could. At April 21st, my wife's birthday, all my family got baptized by elder Handsome and joined the church.

After we met elder Handsome and elder Smith, we had asked them that why they came all the way up to our community, because the road is small and steep. They told us they had an inspiration that there's a family waiting for them, so they decided to go after sacrament meeting, and they found us. How surprising is it?

Here is another story of me. When we just joined the church, I was inspired by a story of a converted member in Italy in early 20th century. Sometimes missionaries will play DVD made by the church to new converts. There was a story of this Italian pastor, who was one of the first been baptized in our church in Italy. He was once a brilliant and smart child. He kept studying until he graduated from a catholic seminary. Then he became a well-known pastor because of his service. One day he accidentally found a book without cover on the street, which is the Book of Mormon. He was amazed by the teachings of the book, because it teaches in a clear way about gospel. It answers a lot of his questions of Bible. He was so convinced that he begin to teach the teachings of the book. People are also amazed. They gathered in his service more and more. At a time some other pastors found his teaching is different, and began to question his where his teaching is from. He told them it's from a book without cover. More and more pastors began to question if his teaching is legit. In the end, he was convicted apostasy and removed from his service. He still believed in this book. But he cannot find anyone who has the authority to baptize him. After years of endless search, and there was no google at that time, he found the mission department in Italy. But when he went there, it's closed due to World War I. After the war, he wrote to the headquarter of the church. The church sent him scriptures and appointed the president of missionary of Europe to baptize him. However, he didn't found him due to the break out of World War II. After the war, he became old but he still had strong believe in the scriptures. He eventually got baptized, which fulfilled his life-long wish. In the end of the story, he made to U.S. And he served in the Salt Lake temple for the rest of his life. I was really touched by his story, that I wish one day I will serve in the temple just like him. In 2010 I talked to my bishop in Taiwan. He told me that Salt Lake city is a good place to live, if I can make it. I began from taking Joey to a seminar about the education system of our church. With the help of the speaker, I send her to a language school in Salt Lake City. Two years later she got admitted by LDS Business College, then she got married. My son Eddy got admitted by BYU-Idaho in 2014. He went on his mission in California. After that he began studying. He transferred to BYU-Prove in 2017 and got married last year. Joey got her son Miles in 2014. He was born in Taiwan, so he is both Taiwanese and U.S. citizen. We still keep his medical insurance in Taiwan in case he needs surgery. I and Debra had taken care of him for the first month he was born, then he came back here with Joey. We missed him so much. I retired in 2015 from my career in Taiwan and came here with Debra to be with him when he was about one year old. We lived in Morgan at that time. The couple missionaries in Morgan are our good friends. They threw a birthday party for him with our neighbors. In 2016 Joey's marriage went down and she was almost dead. She got multiply organ failure and brain damage. We came here to help her out. In the last three years, she gradually recovered. In the beginning she's like a 4-year-old. Now she is normal. Most doctors didn't believe she would recover, but she's a miracle. She still speaks slower than before but that's totally fine for me. We are really grateful that she is so much better now. She also becomes a U.S. citizen this year, which means we can transfer from our travel visa to permanent resident next year. The best thing for me to come to Salt Lake City is that I got to serve in Salt Lake temple since 2017 along with Debra and Joey. I finally did what I wished for 20 years. I know it's my life-long wish. I have bring my family to the church and changed their life. I can die without regrets.

My recent personal revelation is about the Old Ship Zion. On Dec. 3rd last year, I wrote this: (quote) "I saw a picture that I'm rowing a boat towards the Old Zion. I think I know what that means." (end of quote) At that time, we have been fighting for the custody of my grandson for 3 years, and things were not working well. I had that picture in my dream when I almost gave up. It encouraged me. In Jan. this year, my daughter finally got him back. That's all we were praying for. He hasn't been to church for 3 years. Now he comes back to church with us. I believe that's what the Lord wants us to do: to raise him in the light of gospel, so he can live forever in God's kingdom.

I have shared most of my personal revelations. However, when I was trying to write down my most sacred revelation, I felt wordless. My language ability is not good enough to write it down. I hope I will have another chance to share it, when my English is good enough. I say these in the name of Jesus Christ, amen.
