Hi, I'm brother Hsu. I, my wife, my daughter, and accidentally my grandson, came from Taiwan. It should not be unfamilier to you because some of you have served mission over there. So I don't need to spend time on introducing that place. I'm trying to share my experiences and my personal history. That does scare me, because I really need to be honest about every thing I say. However, in most of the time of my life, I feel I'm a loser. I guess I'm not the only one having such a feeling on this stage. However, this is not about confession. So I will not talk about my failure. I'll just talk about the Spirit. And I'll cover 7 of my personal revelations. You will see how they changed my life. Let's start from the first one:

In 1998, I've been working hard in TSMC for 3 years. That is the company who makes the CPUs in iPhones and iPads now. If someone is intrested in what it actually looks like inside of it, I will say the temperature is always 22 degree celsius, the relative humidity is always 45%, 24/7, and these is no particle, because it's called clean room and I have to control it. Machines are all over, my job is to fix them and keep them running. Operators push the wafers around very carefully, because each wafer cost more than $10,000. Well, I finally got a vacation and I took my daughter and my son to Gold Coast of Brisbane. My wife is affraid of flying, so she's not with us. We had a lot of fun in theme parks and the zoo. We lived just one block away from the beach. One day morning, when we were walking on the beach, the sun was warm, the wind was calm, and the waves of the ocean was gentle, every thing is so perfect. A loud voice came from no where. It hit me and told me that: "It is not God that you worshipped in all churches you have been to." I looked around. I'm pretty sure nobody heard it except me. After that, I bursted into crying and sadness. It's about all the hard times I've been through in searching for God.

About 10 years ago, I was deeply lost in my life. I had bad depression at that time and not been diagnosed yet. That's when I was in colledge. I was used to be doing good in my life. But a thought puzzled me very much. That is "what is the purpose of my life?"


I met my wife.

The day before two missionaries knotted our door. It's like you know someone is going to propose to you. You just know something big is going to happen and change your life forever, but you don't know what and how it will happen.
The vision of Moroni, Joseph Smith, and gold plates.

God send me from TSMC to a solar company. I got the production line up and running. Next year, this company was listed in stock market. I got a fortune from my option, which supports us for the quest to Salt Lake City. The sacred place to me.

I was inspired by a story of a converted member in Italy in early 20th century. You know sometimes missionaries will show the seekers some videos on DVDs made by the church. There was a story of this Italian pastor, who was one of the first got baptised in our church in Italy, that goes deeply into my heart. He was a brilliant and smart child. He kept studying until he graduated from a catholic seminary. Then he became a well-known pastor because of his service. One day he accidentally found a book without cover on the street, which is the Book of Mormon. He was amazed by the teachings of the book, because it teaches in a clear way about gospel. It answers a lot of his questions of Bible. He was so convinced that he begin to teach the teachings of the book. People are also amazed. They gathered in his service more and more. At a time some other pastors found his teaching is different, and began to question his where his teaching is from. He told them it's from a book without cover. More and more pastors began to question if his teaching is legit. In the end, he was convicted apotasy and removed from his service. He still believed in this book. But he cannot find anyone who has the authority to baptize him. After years of endless search, you know there was no google at that time, he found the mission department in Italy. But when he go there, it's closed due to World War I. After the war, he wrote to the headquarter of the church. The church sent him other scriptures and appointed the president of missionary of Europe to baptize him. However, he didn't found him due to World War II. After the war, he became old. He still had strong believe in the scriptures. He eventually got baptized, which fulfilled his life-long wish. In the end of the story, he made to U.S. And he served in the Salt Lake temple for the rest of his life. I was really touched by him, that I wish one day I will serve in the Salt Lake temple just like him. In 2010 I talked to my bishop, who studied in BYU-Hawwai. He told me that Salt Lake city is a good place to live, if I can do it. I began from taking my daughter to a seminar about the education system of our church. With the help of the speaker, I send her to a language school in Salt Lake City. Two years later she got admitted by LDS Business Colledge, then she got married in the first semaster. My son got admitted by BYU-Idaho in 2014. He went on his mission in California. After that he began studying. He transfered to BYU-Prove in 2017 and got married last year. My daughter got a son in 2014. He was born in Taiwan, so he has both Taiwanese and U.S. citizenships. We still keep his medical insurance policy in Taiwan in case he needs surgery. I and my wife had taken care of him the first month he was born, then he went back here with my daughter. We missed him so much. I made a decision in 2015 to retire from my career in Taiwan and came here to be with him when he was about one year old. We lived in Morgan at that time. The couple missionaries in Morgan are our good friends. They threw a birthday party for him with our neighbors. In 2015 my daughter's marriage went down and she was almost dead. Her organs and her brain was badly damaged. We came here to help her. In the last three years, she gradually recovered from like a 4-year-old to a normal person. Most docters don't believe she will recover, but she is a miracle. She still speaks and thinks slower but it's totally fine for me. We are really grateful that she is so much better now. She also becomes a U.S. citizen this year, which means we can transfer from our travel visa to permanent resident next year. The takeaway of my quest to Salt Lake City, is that I got to serve in Salt Lake temple since 2017 along with my wife and my daughter. I finally did what I wished for 20 years. I know it's the goal of my life. I have bring my family to the church and changed their lifes. I can die without regrets.

My feeling of temple.

I have a personal feeling about temple. That's an extraordinary experience. 

Prophets always tell us to serve in a mission. I just learned why. As far as I know, a lot of homeless people in Salt Lake City, is actually richer than a lot of members in my ward in Taiwan. It's the truth. The poverty line is about $25,000 a year of income here. However, that income is higher than the average income of a manager level job in Taiwan. And the house price in Taiwan is much higher. If any one of you have a doubt that you are not successful enough, you really should go serve in a country that much poor than here. After you really see how other people struggle in their life, you will forget all your problems right away.

I'm going to say something funny about software. If you don't get me, it's totally fine. But if you ask someone who's savvy in computer, he could explain to you. So, here it is: Recently I'm studying in web site development, so I practiced how to describe every thing by software. It's called object-oriented, right? One day in sacrament meeting I was thinking, if the commandment about sacrament is written in Javascript, it would probably looks like:

constant Sanctified_Bread = function Jesus_Christ(body);
which means "this is my body", and
constant Sanctified_Water = function Jesus_Christ(blood);
which means "this is my blood"
and we also need to call another function to eat and drink them.

It's not just for fun. It makes a lot of sense to a nerd like me: When I think myself as a computer, and the commandments as computer codes, I can totally obey them without questions. That makes obeying the commandments really easy. No more personal issues. That's probably against the agency God gave us. However, that teaches me one thing that God gives us commandments for us to obey it and get gains from it, not for us to question it. Just like a computer will not question me about what I command it. So the takeaway is, when I don't want to obey some of the commandments, I can think how siri follows my commands diligently.

My last personal revelation is about the Old Ship Zion. On Dec. 3rd last year, I wrote this: "I saw a picture, that I'm rowling a boat, towards the Old Zion. I think I know what that means." At that time, we have been fighting for the custody of my grandson for 3 years, and things are not working well. I had that picture in my dream when I almost gave up. It encouraged me. In Jan. this year, my daughter finally got him back. That's all we are praying for. He hasn't been to church for 3 years. Now he comes back with us. I believe that's what the Lord want us to do: to raise him in the light of gospel, so he can live forever with us in God's kingdom.